Docs c z apply sentence style caps add term refs (#29892)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/automation/troubleshooting.markdown

---
title: "Troubleshooting automations"
description: "Tips on how to troubleshoot your automations."
---

> When an {% term automation %} is run, all steps are recorded and a trace is made. From the UI, choose **Settings** which is located in the sidebar, then click on **Automations & Scenes** to go to the automation editor or click this button directly: {% my automations badge %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an {% term automation %} is run, all steps are recorded and a trace is made. From the UI, open **Settings**, which is located in the sidebar, then select **Automations & Scenes** to go to the automation editor or click this button directly: {% my automations badge %}
```
